=== 1.3 / 2011-11-22
* Includes a wrapper for +gotest+ on Cmd-Opt-T.
* Imported some community additions and bugfixes to bring compatibility with OS X 10.7 and TextMate 1.5.1:
  [https://github.com/AlanQuatermain/go-tmbundle/commit/97f8c44552b0347c9d89f948a5fb92172f32daca]
    *mkhl* <em>Use default values for GOOS and GOARCH only when necessary.</em>
  [https://github.com/AlanQuatermain/go-tmbundle/commit/c85768b573f47d7274066b1260df6627ce35b82f]
    *rsesek* <em>Include the receiver in entity.name.function scope so that it shows up in the symbol list.</em>
  [https://github.com/AlanQuatermain/go-tmbundle/commit/2eeb1c60f975af7cc3250964c9da58fca37d57f8]
    *guncha* <em>Add gocode completion support.</em>
  [https://github.com/AlanQuatermain/go-tmbundle/commit/b730967fbd14e58bcc32d7f5157234cfa48f4043]
    *guncha* <em>Add proper argument handling for functions.</em>
  [https://github.com/AlanQuatermain/go-tmbundle/commit/837e04fba7e6e4a3127006be5fa3f1d04e357cba]
    *guncha* <em>Fix links not working properly when html output is produced while compiling a project with errors.</em>
  [https://github.com/AlanQuatermain/go-tmbundle/commit/69797af68e37e171fa12e3aa3f0ce9340369a453]
    *chriseaton* <em>Size modifiers are not optional for float or complex.</em>
  [https://github.com/AlanQuatermain/go-tmbundle/commit/05ba567d62018b87619d77653b728fcd25c270fb]
    *schmurfy* <em>added x86_64 as a valid architecture string.</em>
  [https://github.com/AlanQuatermain/go-tmbundle/commit/2912e001142b2e0921f4f5f5c568734ccc6bf701]
    *TassoLee* <em>Fix for issue #6.</em>
  [https://github.com/AlanQuatermain/go-tmbundle/commit/67e6118d245ba4d9901b2fe869ca2c3a3bea4672]
    *TassoLee* <em>Revert goroot.</em>
  [https://github.com/guncha/go-tmbundle/commit/27142544725331d465aed364eacb67d2c4b1eeb7]
    *guncha* <em>Fix for source filenames with spaces bug.</em>
  [https://github.com/KnightBaron/go-tmbundle/commit/eb925bb53f71ab472d67c5ac9cfd78d7cc02be85]
    *KnightBaron* <em>Use GOBIN shell variable instead of PATH if present.</em>

=== 1.2 / 2010-06-13
* Many new snippets and updates to the command-runner implementation, courtesy of Martin Kühl (http://github.com/mkhl).

=== 1.0.3 / 2010-03-28
* Removed the no-longer-supported -oldparser flags from the invocation of the gofmt command
(http://github.com/AlanQuatermain/go-tmbundle/issues/issue/2)

=== 1.0.2 / 2010-02-16
* Removed the no-longer-supported -oldprinter flag from the invocation of the gofmt command (http://github.com/AlanQuatermain/go-tmbundle/issues/issue/1)

=== 1.0.1 / 2009-11-19
* Fixed a couple of bugs in the language grammar.
* Cleaned up menu formatting.
* Commands will now complain correctly if the necessary command-line tools aren't available.

=== 1.0.0 / 2009-11-18
* Updated grammar, now uses much fewer backrefs and suchlike, meaning it no longer causes TextMate to hog all your CPU!
* Grammar now correctly identifies and separately scopes just about everything I've been able to find, including:
  * Function names, receivers, parameters, and return types.
  * Variable initializations, whether by short or long form (including the := operator).
  * Exported variables.
  * Channel I/O operators.
* Snippets now obey standard Go formatting rules (even though they insist on icky K&R stuff, doh).
* New command: Tidy. Runs 'gofmt' to reformat your code based on standard Go formatting guidelines. This has the useful side-effect of performing a syntax check on the file, so you can also use it as pre-compilation check.
* Regular braces () now open up in the same manner as curly braces {} if you press Enter with the cursor between an empty pair.

=== 0.2.0 / 2009-11-15
* New indentation increase/decrease rules:
  * Case statements decrease and increase (they pop their own line back by one indent without affecting either prior or following line).
  * Regular braces now increase/decrease indent automatically.
* Regular braces now act as folding markers for multi-line 'const ( ... )' declarations.
* Code-folding matches on curly braces are now more conservative-- before, they could match characters beyond newlines.
* Built-in storage types are now matched properly.
* Variable initialization is FINALLY matching correctly. Should work for every style & number of variables, even in-line in loop statements.
* Matches exported variable names correctly (i.e. those beginning with an uppercase letter).
* Dot-accessed variable match no longer consumes the preceding '.' character.
 
=== 0.1.0 / 2009-11-14
* Initial Revision